>going to the theater alone

I did this, ONCE.

I showered, shaved my beard. I got dressed in my nicest clothes and headed down to the theater.
>"One ticked to Soul Surfer, thank you, miss."
>"Sorry, we don't sell single tickets."
I thought to myself,
>Well, this is bizarre, but I guess.
>"Two tickets to Man of Steel then, please."
>"I can't sell you another ticket, if I know you're going to just throw it away."
>"Please, I don't have anyone to go with and I want to see the movie."
She obliged, she felt sorry for me.

I went to the counter to buy some popcorn.
>"Sir, can I get a large popcorn and one drink?"
>"Just one drink?.. And a large popcorn? That's a lot of popcorn for someone seeing the movie alone."
>"h-huh, yeah, uh-hh, I guess it is."
Then, he told the girl squirting on the butter,
>"Go light on the butter, he's eating it ALL by himself."
She chuckled.

I got into the theater and I found a seat. Everything was going well, other than a few looks back from a mother two rows up, everything seemed fine.
After the previews, she turned around and asked, "Are you here by yourself?"
I said, "yeah."
Then she turned to her kids and said,
>"See that man back there, he's alone."
>"He's who I'm referring to when I say, don't talk to strangers."
The kids giggled and began talk with what I can assume were their friends.
I could hear them whispering to each other, then they pointed back and me and laughed.
One of the kids turned to an adult and said something that I couldn't make out.
The adult got up and walked out of the theater.
About ten minutes later an usher walked down and stood beside my seat. The houselights came on and then a voice on the microphone said,
>"My name is Michael Shane and I'm the owner of the Cineplex Cinema. We like to run a family-friendly establishment and we DO NOT tolerate people watching films by themselves."




The usher said, "I think it's best if you go, sir."
At first I hesitated, but then the other theater go-ers started murmuring.
>"Just get lost, loser."
>"Can't you see that you're not wanted here?"
>"OMG, is he gonna shoot us?"
As I got up to leave, someone threw a soda at me.
It hit me in the front of my pants and it made it appear as though I had wet myself. I hadn't.
I put my head down and headed for the exit and they kept shouting,
>"Get out of here, weirdo!"
>"Creep!" "Freak!"
I was in tears as I reached the front exit door.
>"Hey, mister." A kid said in the front row.
>"Did you piss your pants?"
Before I could respond he shouted, "THIS FAGGOT PISSED HIS PANTS!"
The theater erupted with laughter, "He pissed his pants!" "HAHAHA" "What a faggot!"
I couldn't open the door, I kept pushing, but it wouldn't open.
It finally opened after I shoved my shoulder into it and I escaped into the parking lot.
I ran to my car, tears running down my face and my pants covered in soda.