I actually do hate furries. Precisely because they THINK they're the "new gay," but are not, and cannot be the "new gay." Furries do not experience true discrimination, they experience judgment. They get painted as ridiculous - because they are - and then suddenly think and react like they're the victims of full-blown BIGOTRY.
Fuck that shit. The furry community deserves every single bit of stigma attached to them, because they're trying to turn their fetish into a quasi-political "lifestyle choice" when it's just a fucking fetish.

heres the thing. furries in general aren't bad. my friend is smoking hot and is a furry. she does not a) dress up in an animal suit to fuck b) say "yiff" c) think she is a mythical beast.
she likes comics and porn with animals instead of humans. she finds it hot. thats pretty much it. and thats what 90% of all furries are. fuck i've fapped to furry porn before. some of it is fucking hot. 
the problem arises when you get furries that make it into a way of fucking life. they have ears and tails on all the fucking time. they get pissed when you say it looks weird to walk around sniffing asses. they get huffy when you look at people in fur suits fucking and get confused.
they are assholes. they give furries a bad name. just like gay people who get all in your fucking face with how they are gay. i don't give a shit. if i don't want to see two guys fucking thats my prerogative. i mean...i do. but if i didn't. if i walk into your house and there is furry art or gay art on the wall, i migth get uncomfortable. thats not because i hate furries or gay, its because you have PORN ON THE FUCKING WALLS. 
some people are fucking assholes, and they force their business into where it doesn't belong. just because people ask you not to be crazy in public doesn't mean you're being persecuted. 
everyone has things they want to be public about that they have to hide when with strangers. its called "living in society."


the sexual aspect of it is a fetish, the rest of it is a fandom, much like star trek, they even have their own furry conventions where they dress up.
But unlike furries, star trek fans don't expect people to accept that deep down they really are klingons, and don't think its bigotry when people give them shit for it, since they know thats what happens when you pick an unusual... hobby I guess you'd call it.


maybe the moral of this story is that furries who aren't social retards are smart enough not to tell people like you that they're furries.