What do vampires use for teabags?
Used Tampons.

What did the lesbian vampire say to her mate?
See you in a month.

What do gay jews speak
Heblew

what has two legs and bleeds?
half a cat

why did the plane crash into the ocean?
because the pilot was a loaf of bread

what's the differnce between a pizza and a dead baby?
I don't jack off onto a pizza before I slice it up and eat it.

why do nazi's make such crappy cakes.
because all the good ovens are full

What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her VAGINA?
Only some of the things that come out of her VAGINA are retarded.

whats green and has wheels?
grass

... i was joking about the wheels

Why do girls masturbate with these two fingers?
Because they're mine. 

a dude walks into a bar and hes got a giraffe
so the giraffe dies in the bar and the dude
goes to leave, and the bartenders like yo dude
you can't leave that lyin' there!
and the dudes like
it's not a lion, it's a giraffe

a priest and a rabbi are sitting at a bar. 
A 12 year old boy walks by. 
The priest says "wanna fuck him?"
the Rabbi says "out of what?"

So I'm balls deep in this chick and I go into the doggy position, and she goes "doggy style? Isn't that a bit presumptuous?" and I'm like "presumptuous? Isn't that word a little complicated for an 8 year-old to be using?"

Whats the Difference between a bench and a nigger? 
the bench can support a family

Whats faster then a speeding bullet?
a jew with a coupon

Why do jews have big noses?
Because air is free

what's the difference between acne and a catholic priest?
Acne waits till your 13 to come all over your face

I like my women like I like my wine;
12 years old and locked in my cellar.

What does a 72-year-old snatch taste like?
Depends.

A priest, a rabbi, and a blue whale walk into a bar. The priest asks for a miller lite and gets one. The rabbi asks if the bartender has any kosher beer, he does and he orders one. The blue whale comes up to the bartender and says,"WAAAAHHANARRRARAARAWAHHH!

A man takes his Rottweiler to the vet and asks
"My dog's cross-eyed, is there anything you can do for him?" 
"Well, let's have a look at him" says the vet. 
So he picks the dog up and examines his eyes, then checks his teeth. Finally, he says 
"I'm going to have to put him down." 
"What? Because he's cross-eyed?" exclaims the man. 
"No, because he's really heavy."

What do you get when you cross an elephant with a poodle?
A dead poodle with an 18 inch asshole. 

A bear walks into a bar and places his order. "I'll take a gin and.... tonic"
So the bartender says, "What's with the pause?"
And the bear says, "I was born with them."

What did cinderella say when she got to the ball?
*gag*

A skeleton walks into a bar and says, "Gimme a beer and a mop."

whats black and white and red all over and can't fit through a revolving door? 
a nun with a spear through it's chest

What do you call Mike Tyson with no arms?
Nigger Nigger Nigger