When you come in this fucking thread, you sure as motherfucking shit had better respect me. Actually fuck respect, you had better worship the motherfucking ground I walk on, motherfucker. You god damn think I'm just going to sit here and let you stomp all over me with your ignorance and disrespect? FUCK YOU dude, I am not going to be passive about this shit. You had better pray to fucking christ I don't find out where you live, or you might find out what a 12 gauge to the face feels like, you fucking bitch.

that's it huh
you REALLY want to piss me off don't you?
well you know what, i dont need your shit. i'm sick of the way you act , it's a pathetic ruse to make up for your lack of a social life. well you need to listen up. i'm not going to deal with your shit anymore, im taking this shit to the real world. let's see how you act then you pussy ass bitch, i'll fuck you up so bad youll be crying and shit but if you start bleeding youre on your own cuz i aint helping you clean that shit up
got it faggot? dont even think i dont mean this, I will fucking destroy your life

ok. if that’s how you want it to be, your choice. do you honestly think i cant bribe a mod for your ip adress? everyone has a price. do this a couple months back, ok i might’ve let it slide, now, someone so much as looks at me the wrong way and there’s gonna be problems, lucky for me they always back the fuck down so i don’t gotta get my hands dirty. i know you’ll try the same when shit hits the fan but dont think ill be so linient, cause i wont. Don’t say i didn’t warn you.
you guys think you’re real tough behind your computer talking shit, but let me tell you that it will catch up with you someday... and that day may be soon if you keep talking shit about me online...its not hard to find out where people live off the internet, just remember that.
so my point it to keep your fucking mouth shut, and if you talk shit about me i will find out.
this isn’t even a fucking joke.

What? WHAT WAS THAT? Sorry I must have misheard, I thought I heard a giant faggot mouthing off at me with something he sure as fuck could never back up, but it must have just been my imagination. Because after I imagined hearing that, I proceeded to imagine how good it would feel to break that persons fucking spinal cord over my knee. I imagined how my next step is usually to rip out one of the persons fucking ribs and jab it straight through their nose into their brain cavity. I imagined pulling that rib back out, and then brainfucking that dead faggot through the new massive hole in his face I created.
But I didn't really hear anything, right? no one would be fucking dumb enough to talk to me like that on here.

you feel like punching me in the face? bring it on you faggot. NOBODY calls me a nigger and gets away with it. I know multiple fighting styles, and I also carry a switchblade with me at all times. Something fucking tells me that you'd be better off keeping your arms down at your sides. If you can't fucking put "cause" and "effect" together in that pathetic brain of yours, I'll help you out here. You'll be standing face to face with me, and let me fucking tell you, it'll already be too fucking late to back down at that point. You might decide "well shit, I might as well stay true to my word and throw a fucking punch". This is where you will go wrong. I hope you don't have a job that requires two fucking hands, because you're going to be missing one after I'm done with you. I'll casually divert your fist off to the side, as you suddenly realize you may have gotten yourself into something you can't back up. You'll try to regroup and pull your arm back, but that wont be easy when I jab my spear-pointed Benchmade switchblade straight through the bone in your forearm, and proceed to rip your entire fucking forearm and hand off in one quick pull. At this point, you'll probably spend 2 seconds in shock. I say 2 seconds, because thats the amount of time you'll have before I reverse the knife in my hand, and uppercut it straight through your throat. You'll spend your last few seconds gurgling blood, and wondering where you went wrong. After that, I'll be forced to take care of any witnesses who happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Nothing a few quick choke slams can't fix, followed by a nice gentle slice across the jugular with the Benchmade.

Now, motherfucker, you sure you want to go through with that punch?

http://ethugtxt.com/text/popular/usually-when-people-talk-shit-i-just-brush-it-off-but-now-its-gone-
a-little-to-far-assclown-you-talk-as-you-know-me-but-in-reality-you-dont-know-shit-about-me-im-guess
ing-youve-never-been-in-a-situation-involving-a-real-live-thug-that-was-born-and-raised-