Holy fuck, /INSERT BOARD HERE/. I actually did it. I've stumbled upon the only surefire to cure roneriness. No, I'm not talking about unhelpful bullshit like "man up," I'm talking about a very simple step-by-step process to completely and utterly cure your roneriness and I guaran-FUCKING-tee you've never heard this shit before, because I just fucking found out about it. And you can fucking start RIGHT THIS MOMENT.

MASSIVE POST coming up really fucking soon. Stay tuned.


PART 1 OF 6
Okay, so how did I stumble upon this fucking surefire way to cure roneriness? I was just looking at how there are some guys are incredibly shy and not confident, yet somehow get a girlfriend. I was also looking at guys who are really mean and arrogant, yet also get girlfriends. I was ALSO looking at guys who are really ugly, yet ALSO get girlfriends. And of course, I was looking at guys who are rich, famous, or incredibly good looking and how they regularly get girlfriends. Now looking at each case, you will probably rationalize why each guy is somewhat successful with women. But there is a common thing among all of them, and it's not confidence (remember one of the examples was guys who weren't even confident).

It's not obvious at all. You can spend hours and not figure it out. It was just sheer luck that I figured it out today.

Once I figured out what that common thing was, the pieces started falling into place. I actually took a notepad and started scribbling this shit down. I created a massive mind map. After almost two hours of building this mind map and analyzing what I just stumbled upon, I got a clear picture on how to actually cure roneriness. Note that this only works for guys; inb4 girls can never feel ronery, even if they COULD feel ronery, it still wouldn't work for women, and when you see the steps laid out you'll realize why.

cont'd...


PART 2 OF 6
STEP 1: Understand that every single guy who is EVER successful with women has a common thread. If you actually look closely, it's not obvious. But it's there. The rich guy has money, right? Well he has something else. The ugly guy has confidence (or money lol), right? Well he has something else. The asshole has a hot body, right? Well he has something else.

What these guys do and have is not even intentional. Most guys are just born with it. Others make it, but don't realize that it will basically help them get women. Sure, confidence helps. Sure, money helps. Sure, good looks help. Sure, fame helps. Sure, power helps. But even these things have something in common. No, it's not what you're thinking.

Once you have this understanding, the rest of the steps are easy.

cont'd...

PART 3 OF 6
STEPS 2 AND 3: Once you actually understand what the common thread among all these guys is, you have to make that change in your life. Understanding is the most important step, that's why it's the first. But this is the most difficult step, and if you fail here, you can't go on to Step 4. Step 2 is making the plan and executing it. Step 3 is the difficult part. Step 3 is incorporating these changes into your life and making them actually apart of you. In the absolute simplest terms, in Step 2 you're "faking it" before Step 3 where you "make it."

Next post I'm going to elaborate on what exactly that common thread among all these guys is and how exactly you can execute Steps 2 and 3 so you can make the change. Remember, I'm giving you a step-by-step process, not some vague "man up" bullshit. After that, I'm going to go on to Step 4 which is really easy but essential. Steps 5 and 6 are optional, since if you make it to Step 4, you'll already have exactly what you need to get a girlfriend.

cont'd...

PART 4 OF 6

So what IS the common thread? Well, to tell you that I have to start with how I discovered it. Remember, I was doing like a whole mind map thing where I literally connected the dots and made associations. But how could I find out what the common thread was among all these different guys? I started by listing out their traits, all of them. I tried connecting them between the different guys, making connections, but I noticed that while there were some commonalities between certain guys, there was nothing common between them all. There was no common thread.

Or so I thought. But I found a better way to analyze it.

Quite simply, I used myself as a "control." I used the average roneryfag on the various boards as "controls." Because the common thread that exists within this diverse group of men who are successful with women WILL NOT EXIST in our diverse group of men who fail with women. In other words, you know that common thread? We have our own common thread that is the exact opposite of what they have. Being able to compare both groups, the winners (them) and the losers (us), I very quickly found out what the common thread was. That's how I fucking figured it out.

Next part, I explain the exact moment I understood what the "common thread" was. Seriously, I could just point it out and within an hour half of you will get it and realize the steps yourselves. But I'm laying out all the steps for you, the way I see them.

cont'd....

PART 5 OF 6

There IS a common thread.

But take a thread and rub the tip with your fingers. Do you not see multiple strands that make that thread?

The common thread has multiple strands. No, six pack abs are not a fucking strand. A lot of money is not a fucking strand. It's much more basic and much more important than that. No, I actually do not know what each of the strands are, but I do know that this isn't a troll. Or is it? Maybe in your fury, your frustration, the hour and a half or so that you've been sitting on your computer, pushing F5, checking back on this thread, you've enlightened yourself (whether or not you choose to see it) as to what strands of the "common thread" you're missing.

There is no Part 6. Take this moment to actually look at yourself. Really look at yourself, and I don't mean in the mirror. Or you can just continue to shitpost, exclaim "EPIC TORLL" or get mad just because I didn't have that silver bullet to kill that demon inside you. The demon that frays and cuts the very thread that can make you who you want to be. The same demon you've been tackling all these years, whether you are aware of it or not.

