So here at Microsoft, the land of corporate tyranny, you are immediately branded with a dangly picture ID upon arrival. This is a good thing for the most part, as you can use said picture ID to do nifty things, such as open locked doors. The down side to these badges is that they generally hang form your belt. This may not seem so dire, but when you have your pants around your ankles, either to earn better stock options or when you have to poo, your smiling face can be seen under the stalls in the bathroom. I think it’s pretty funny to walk in the bathroom and hear the sound of a throaty growler and look down and see the smiling face of the person creating such painful logs. This is why when I sit down to create my diabolical stink; I turn the badge inward, hiding my shame.

Now in College, I was a bit of a minor legend in the old Frat. I could create stench that made all of the brothers jealous. It was only surpassed by the not infrequent occasion of someone shitting their pants in the party room in a drunken stupor. Given my seven years of stench domination in the heart of shit country (that’s Pullman Washington) it would stand to reason that it is hard for my nether regions to impress me. Let me tell you that today I outdid myself.

It all started innocently enough. I was sitting at my workstation creating plans to further our monopolistic goals when I felt the familiar gentle turmoil ‘down there’. As usual I figured this could be put off for at least an hour as I really did have some work to do, so I said to myself, “we can wait this out, let’s just finish this one little task first.” Unfortunately my bowels either weren’t listening or weren’t caring as they responded with a second, none to subtle, downward thrust. Being the wise man that I am I took that as a hint and locked up the old PC and headed to the bathroom; the only bathroom on the entire floor. I knew this was going to be a busy time, it being shortly after lunch when all the programmers like to get their daily hygiene out of the way, so I was relieved to find that neither of the two stalls or urinals was occupied. Stepping into the smaller stall, I turned my badge ‘face in’ and dropped my pants.

Nothing in my long history of stinky shit could have prepared me for the anal freight train that now relentlessly drove its way out of my tender sphincter and into the poor unsuspecting bowl beneath me. The initial wave was of the good, solid, “I know what it feels like to be in prison,” variety. Nothing unusual so far, but beneath that was hiding a veritable motherlode of what can only be compared to grainy mud. This combined with ample pockets of gas produced a wonderful wet slapping sound as my cheeks recoiled and rebounded from each convulsive spasm.

After the storm, while I was left to sit and wait for the aftershocks, I heard the sound of the bathroom door opening. Footsteps, an inhalation of breath, a gag, a cough. The words, softly but forcefully muttered, “Oh, my god.” Then speedily retreating footsteps and the bathroom door opening and closing in rapid succession.

Then as I’m gingerly moping up the mess I’ve make of my lower half, I hear the same scenario repeated. Eventually I hear raised voices in the hallway and I realize that my pungent fecal aerosol has escaped the bathroom’s confines and is spreading like some diabolical virus throughout the floor.

Five minutes later, my anus is wiped and my hands are washed but my stink remains. I listen at the door, and as it seems the coast is clear, I dart into the hallway to find…silence. Nothing. It is empty. No voices in the offices, no IM dinging, no crappy windows startup jingle, nothing.

Ladies and Gentlemen, I have just cleared the entire floor. There could have been tumbleweeds blowing down the halls.

I seized the opportunity to stealthily slink back to my workstation in the heavily ventilated and semi-private lab. I continue with the days work, and I’m as baffled as everyone else by the strange sewage leak we had earlier today…