May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real mershviperX please stand up?
I repeat, will the real marshviperX please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here...

Y'all act like you never seen a aspie before
Jaws all on the floor like Jobs, like Gates just burst in the door
and started trollin' his ass worse than before
they first were divorced, suing him over the desktop (Ahh!)
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding,
he didn't just post what I think he did, did he?"
And lolicon said... nothing you idiots!
lolicon's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!)
Feminist women love Neckbeard,
"marshviper, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin around postin his you-know-what
Spamming the you-know-who," "At least he's not Wind?Girl though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of woodscrews in my head loose
But no worse, than what's goin on in Furryfag's basement
Sometimes, I wanna get on /g/ and just let loose, but can't
but it's cool for IN elite to hump the Weeaboos
"Fermi's on my lips, Fermi's on my lips"
And if I'm lucky, it won't have a twenty-percent miss
And that's the message that he delivers to poor kids
And expect them not to know what one-point-seven is
Of course they gonna know what pork shoulders is
By the time they buy from Newegg
They read Demerjian, don't they?
"We ain't nothin' but winfags..." Well, some of us macfags
who pay twice as much for the same hardware,
But if we can blow Steve Jobs through the iPhone
then there's no reason to switch from Firefox to Google Chrome (*Eeew*)
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Turtle wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes...

'Cause I'm marshviper, yes I'm the real viper
All you other marshvipers are just imitating
So won't the real marshviper please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up?

Torvalds don't gotta correct people on his kernel name;
well RMS does, I would just like to interjec for a moment...
You think I give a damn about AMD?
Half of you ricers don't use Intel for games, let alone folding
"But marsh, I have Windows and Common Sense '10!"
Why do you spend your parents money for the GAYMEN?
So you can, sit and post shitty threads all night?
Shit, you're never gonna get that desktop just right!
And your battlestation is still second to worst,
shoulda hid all the anime figures first
You little bitch, why do you spam with loli?
"Well, they're cute, but I'm not a pedo, hee-hee!"
I should download an e-book of S C I P
and show the whole world I achieved Satori (AHHH!)
I'm sick of you linux trendfags, all use is use unbuntu
when you should really install gentoo (bzzzt)
And there's a million of us just like me
the same trip as me; who use a real OS like me
who post like me; walk, talk and love cock like me
and just might be the next best thing but not quite me!

'Cause I'm marshviper, yes I'm the real viper
All you other marshvipers are just imitating
So won't the real marshviper please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up?

I'm like tech support to listen to, cause I'm only tellin'
you the truth here, and you should delete system 32
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
in front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or Anonymous at all
I just get on /g/ and post shit
and whether you like to admit it (*ERRT*) I act like an idiot
better than ninety percent of you tripfags out there
Then you wonder how can this many kids need their rigs rated?
It's funny; cause at this rate you wanna bet
I'll be the last person still payin' for usenet
I pretend it's not botnet when I use TinyXP
and wonder why I can't run games on an i3!
And every single person is a marshviper lurkin
He could be workin at best buy, jizzing on your hard drive
[*SPLAT*] Or in the geeksquad van,
Screaming "I love Skullcandy!"
While another posts laughinggirls.png
So, will the real viper please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be unemployed and a bad troll
and one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

'Cause I'm marshviper, yes I'm the real viper
All you other marshvipers are just imitating
So won't the real marshviper please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm marshviper, yes I'm the real viper
All you other marshvipers are just imitating
So won't the real marshviper please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up?

Ha ha
Guess there's a marshviperX in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up